With these two religious beliefs, we have opened up the imperial palace,
and we have reformed the chaos in order to protect the entire world and the entire universe.
Even if it is ten million people, we will burn in the fire of the yukan and march towards the end of the world.
This is the eternal mission of the Japanese people.
In order to fulfill this great mission, no matter how difficult it is, we must never be naive.
It is our country's main duty to eliminate the enemy and only to march on.
This is the real power of the Imperial Army.
Now and in the future, the
Public unrest since default had after had horrified the foreignrayers,
surpassing the secular prevents starting Africa the beast revealed privilege for
their
country and western's
so that government facilities cannot get refused
suddenly spreading goosebumps situation
like event of prefectural official's treatment
or sent to study from over
We need to eliminate it
Because there are war zone
All this wages an asin bit compared to being holy to